Q. Please outline, if applicable, any planned exchange of information between users and providers; including activities, services, decisions, etc. (of particular relevant for social scientists):
(i) User relevant aspects:

The users of JAWS are AWS network managers and data curators who wish
to distribute their data in JAWS format, and end-users who wish to use
to use JAWS to augment or analyze data they received in JAWS format.

(ii) Provider relevant aspects:

The JAWS project coordinates software development and cross-network
issues, such as naming and metadata conventions.

Q. Regional emphasis:
Select from options- (i)Northern hemisphere (ii) Southern hemisphere

Both

Q. Key deliverables (Required)

JAWS provides an easily installable Python software stack to convert
raw L2 ASCII data into L3 netCDF format, with value-added fields
such as solar zenith angle and tilt correction.

Q. Where will be the primary data archive? (Required)

The JAWS project does not itself measure or archive any data.
The primary data archive is with the AWS network providers.
Only the network managers produce and archive the data on which JAWS operates.
The networks supported thus far are AAWS (YOPP-endorsed), GCNet, IMAU, and PROMICE.
JAWS already translates their L2 ASCII files into a common netCDF format.
All of these networks are mature and are conducting measurements
before, during, and after YOPP. By synthesizing their measurements 
into a common format JAWS is thus contributing to the interoperability
of polar measurements during YOPP. 
 
Q. What real-time provision?

JAWS is designed to work with data at any temporal resolution.
However, JAWS has only been thoroughly tested on hourly AWS data.

Q. Timeline(s) (for individual activities of the project (campaign(s), experiment(s), simulation(s), etc.)).
If yes, for each timeline provide the following:
Location, Latitude, Longitude, Activity, Start Date, End Date

Q. Funding information

JAWS is funded by the NASA Advanced Information Systems Technology
(AIST) Program (80NSSC17K0540)

Q. Other Information

The PI (Charlie Zender) has worked previously with data from
AAWS (YOPP-endorsed), GCNet, IMAU, and PROMICE. Network managers
from AAWS (M. Lazzara) and IMAU (C. Reijmer) are JAWS collaborators
and are involved in its design. Zender will meet in-person with AAWS,
GCNet, IMAU, and PROMICE teams in June and July to obtain their
feedback on the beta version of JAWS.

Once station data have been converted to JAWS format, we will conduct
analyses to detect outliers in station data quality, and will have the
ability to append consistent quality control flags to all datasets.

It must be emphasized that JAWS translates not alters AWS data.
Only network operators currently have sufficient expertise to alter
their data. The next phase of JAWS, wherein we correct AWS solar
radiometric data for biases induced by station tilt detected via the
RIGB algorithm (Wang and Zender, 2016, TC doi:10.5194/tc-10-727-2016)
has begun and will be complete by 2019. 
Then JAWS will provide value-added, tilt-corrected solar fluxes.
In all cases data will be clearly marked if JAWS alters it.
JAWS fully records data provenance and history.
